How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

This is an interesting question.
What diff does is it shows the differences between the files being comapred.
Then one can point out the differences and look for problems by comparing the different lines.
By seeing that one of the lines had "Spacr" when we were dealing with "Space","Up","Down" that line was the most logical choice.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

By having access to the history of a file, potential bugs that are introduced as new code is written to a file can be reversed by comparing to older, "verified" versions of file.
This in turn can save time debugging which can save man hours in time and brain power.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

With manual saves you have better control over the versions so you can save only when you make a change worth a commit.
The downside with manual saving is that you may make changes and not save properly having too changes in 1 commit or you may possibly never commit.
With an automatic save option you are sure to have a version of commits that you can refer to in case you have a problem and needed to revert to something.
THe problem with uatomatic commits is that you end up having too many commits that can make browsing difficualt or the commits may not be at the right time so a commit in the middle of a code change can introduce errors to the flow or the programmer.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately

The usage behind Git and Google docs are different. 
Git is designed for source code  version control, so it makes sense to save multiple files in one commit since they are linked together to make one ecosystem.
Version control systems such as Google Docs are designed to work with files that are normally independent such as Word or Excel compatible documents. These documents wouldn't generally have any benifit from saving all the files in the repository that it is placed in
